OSSM-8862 Migration Hub page content (#88651)
openshift/openshift-docs: migrating/ossm-migrating-from-2-to-3-assembly.adoc

====

* Finish the migration without unnecessary delays

Once the migration is started, it is recommended to complete it as quickly as possible.

[id="ow-to-use-migrating-guides_{context}"]
== How to use the migration guides

The migration guides are designed to help you move from {SMProduct} {SMv2Version} to {SMProduct} 3.0, based on your deployment model:

* Mulitenant
* Mulitenant with cert-manager
* Cluster-wide
* Cluster-wide with cert-manager

The migration guides use the `bookinfo` application as an example for demonstrations purposes.

You can also migrate gateways.

[NOTE]
====
From time to time, you may need to reference, or will be directed to {SMProduct} 2.x content. It may be benefial to open link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.17/html/service_mesh/service-mesh-2-x[OpenShift Service Mesh 2.x] in a new tab or window for easier reference. This may be especially helpful when moving between {SMProduct} 2 `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource content and {SMProduct} 3 `Istio` resource content.
====

[id="premigration-checklists{context}"]
=== Premigration checklists

> There are a series of premigration checklists that must be completed before you can begin migrating your deployment and workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a series of premigration checklists that must be completed before you can begin migrating your workloads and gateways.
```

> These checklists include steps for additional configurations if you must recreate your network policies before you migrate your deployment and workloads, and configuration updates to set up add ons such as {kialiproduct}, and {temposhortname}.

Reviewer: Whether or not they will recreate network policies will depend on whether or not they will use them so maybe we can just keep this short?
```suggestion
These checklists include steps for managing your network policies and configuration updates to set up add ons such as {kialiproduct}, and {temposhortname}.
```

//exrefs handled by OSSM-8852

[id="migrating-your-deployment-and-workloads_{context}"]
=== Migrating your deployment and workloads

> After you have completed the premigration checklists, you can migrate your deployment and workloads, based on your deployment model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have completed the premigration checklists, you can migrate your workloads and gateways, based on your deployment model:
```
